[wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slow-scan_television "Slow-scan television")
## In popular culture

In Valve's 2007 video game _[Portal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portal_(video_game) "Portal (video game)")_, there was an internet update of the program files on 3 March 2010. This update gave a challenge to find hidden radios in each test chamber and bring them to certain spots to receive hidden signals. The hidden signals became part of an [[ARG]]-style analysis by fans of the game hinting at a sequel of the game – some sounds were of [Morse code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morse_code "Morse code") strings that implied the restarting of a computer system, while others could be decoded as purposefully low-quality SSTV images. When some of these decoded images were put together in the correct order, it revealed a decodable MD5 hash for a [[bulletin-board system]] phone number (425)822-5251. It provides multiple [ASCII art](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASCII_art "ASCII art") images relating to the game and its potential sequel. The sequel, _[Portal 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portal_2 "Portal 2")_, was later confirmed. According to a hidden commentary node SSTV image from _Portal 2_, the BBS is running from a Linux-based computer and is linked to a 2400 bit/s modem from 1987. It is hooked up in an unspecified Valve developer's kitchen. They kept spare modems in case one failed, and one did. The BBS only sends about 20 megabytes of data in total.

In the aforementioned sequel, _Portal 2_, there are four SSTV images. One is broadcast in a Rattman den. When decoded, this image is a very subtle hint towards the game's ending. The image is of a Weighted Companion Cube on the Moon. The other three images are decoded from a commentary node in another Rattman den. These 3 images are slides with bullet points on how the ARG was done, and what the outcome was, such as how long it took the combined internet to solve the puzzle (the average completion time was 7 1/2 hours) 